PROJECT RIGHTS/INFO

What is _Tool-Console_?
Tool-Console is a 3rd party termux application that uses Python3 to create a ui, along with a backend that stores user info of which
users input, to display within the terminal. Not only does it use Python3, but it also uses json to format it into a brief and easy
understanding of what the database, which is just all the files compiled into another files storing data of which is recieved within
each file, holds. Along with this, Tool-Console comes with shell script(.sh) that you can use in terminal that allows you to install the tools.
NOTE: I highly require you to bash install.sh to install all compatible tools/packages that the project uses!

What right do I have to store your data?
Well, counting on the fact that this database has no database until you enter information, and for the fact that you can very easily
lie about the information you put in, my rights of holding your info is in the place of "Improvements To Enviormental Changes", or simply
I am storing your information for a good that will most likely help further advance the project in ways we can't right now!

Why write a .py version if we can just run bash tools.sh and install the tools?
Well..truth be told..the .py is just a much funner way to explore these tools..I mean who doesn't like to run python to explore a world
full of hacker tools! I know that .py seems lame compared to the .sh file of which lets you download, but as we aquire into the project and its
updates the .py will hopefully get more and more attention.
Please be aware we did not include the .sh file named tools.sh to over-ride the file.py, we simply made it to where you can run the file.py,
see the projects information, what it does, then continue on with your day, that or even then transition over to tools.sh to install
what you went into the file.py to look for!

Possible Updates for _Tool-Console_(not the .sh files)?
-----------------
-Updates in the future, we are hoping, are going to be as follows:
1.Different types of in-project platforms that change the way/feel of the project.
2.Packages that help make the project more and more fluent, and possibly even "Mode Packages" that put the project into a different mode.
3.Yes, Compatible UI Tool-Console platforms as well!
4.User compatability to interact, stop, or even sync data from database into a new file of there choosing.(This may take a while since I am not expert at Python)
5.This one may or may not come: Project Color Setup
and 6.Well..lets just say after all of that the project will be at its best, so we'll be leaving it there except for coming back to tweak it.
But why did I put 6 there? Well..we are hoping on making a new project where you input a link, and then you can pull any data/info from within the site.
Why is that #6? We are hoping to contribute it within Tool-Console! What's better than a project running in a project!

Overall Rights
Rights of the project holding your data has no user-acception. Another words.. I do not ask a user to allow the db to hold there information for the same reason explained above in "What right do I have to store your data". But wouldn't it give your 
information away? Well..not exactly. The database is not virtual, or another words it is not stable upon storing the same 
data within every other terminal using the project. Not that it will ever come to that. Here, I will explain it better: The database is not set to store EVERYTHING. It is more like a you-database. The database is just for you, while the big dbs 
are for everyone and everyones information is stored into one db this database is just you. So why do I store it if I 
can't even see it? Someday I plan on making a .py file that syncs all data stored within each terminal running the project. 
I haven't quite figured it out, and don't worry once I do. I WILL NOT sell, use or steal your information, I will use it for a 
good that will help advance the project and the way users like it/want it. If you think I cannot give a self-given right to 
store your data in a you-database then please contact me at:
t.targetyt@gmail.com

--
Overall, I created this Project not to just get data about the users, not to just test what I know, not to push my coding limits to there very best,
but to make sure to satisfy users in a stress-relief zone. No scrolling, going to google, looking up what a tool does, finding out it is the wrong tool,
returning back, doing the same thing over and over. NO! You use Tool-Console for a fast, easy-access, easy-download tool to get you on your way.

Copyrigh 2019, ARACADE_RISE, Tool-Console
All Rights Reserved,
At no point is it alright to edit the script source and claim it as your own work, even at fault of deleting all code and creating your
own version of it.
